[Blaze] Stop showing Blaze in dashboard when site not eligible (#11797)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

17.1
-----

> - [*] Blaze: Stop showing Blaze in dashboard when site not eligible. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/11797]

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe we can reword this to make it clearer?

```suggestion
- [*] Blaze: Hide the Blaze section on the Dashboard screen when logged in without WPCom. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/11797]
```

Author: I agree. Done in https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/11797/commits/c3269c29b010e42fe4404972c6080bc554e6d5af
